Update Readme with more accurate text (#67)
helium/helium-vote: README.md

# Helium Vote

> A polling website that enables a simple For or Against Vote for Helium related initiatives and Helium Improvement Proposals (HIPs). This is the official polling mechanism for voting on HIPs in the Helium community.

Reviewer: While all of the votes have been binary, the platform is capable of more voting methods.
```suggestion
A polling website that enables voting for Helium related initiatives and [Helium Improvement Proposals (HIPs)](https://github.com/helium/HIP). This is the official polling mechanism for voting on HIPs in the Helium community.
```
